Update Eval.kt docs (#1378)
arrow-kt/arrow: modules/docs/arrow-docs/docs/docs/datatypes/intro/README.md

- [`Either`]({{ '/docs/arrow/core/either/' | relative_url }}) - an if/else branch in execution

> - [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval/index.html' | relative_url }}) - lazy evaluation of functions with stack safety and memoization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Eval`]({{ '/docs/apidocs/arrow-core-data/arrow.core/-eval' | relative_url }}) - lazy evaluation of functions with stack safety and memoization
```
